fix no speech when role="math" on a non-math element (#17327)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

### Bug Fixes

> * MathML inside of span and other elements that have the attribute `role="math"` is now spoken/brailled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Math reading has been fixed for some web elements.
MathML inside of span and other elements that have the attribute `role="math"`.
```
